Sir, this is a glass bead.
The glass beads in your eyes
It's the real Qiongqinai
This is really Qiongqi Neidan
Mr. Ye
To thank you for the Qiongqi Neidan you sent me.
I think tonight
I invite you to have dinner with me
No need for dinner
I don't have time.
Is everything he said true?
Mr. Qin
I would really like to have dinner with him
Miss Shen, you saw it too
Everything I say is true
The first goddess of war in the building
The goal you have pursued in your life
Not worth mentioning in my eyes
You are nothing more than a door-watcher
How can adults believe it or not? That's your business.
I'm back this time
Just to repay
I have already given you the courage that Ye Shouhu called.
From Now On
I have nothing to do with your Shen family anymore
What you gave is really pepper nedan.
This is real pepperonidan.
If it weren't for Mr. Ye's face
Why would I give you Pepperidan?
It's a pity you have no eyes
It actually ruined the real call inner alchemy